I'm Jimmy. I'm the host of the show.
Very kind. Thanks for joining us here.
Sunny in Los Angeles where we are. I
wouldn't go as so far as to say we are
celebrating Earth Day, but we're
observing it. It is Earth Day. At this
point, with all we've done to this
planet, humans celebrating Earth is like
Kanye celebrating Hanukkah. It doesn't
matter at all.
Republicans in the House today, they
were supposed to have a vote on a bill
that would narrow protections for
endangered species. On Earth Day, they
were doing this. Fortunately, the vote
was postponed. We will kill the turtles
on the flag day instead. But this planet
is home to at least 8 million different
species. Did you know that, GMO?
>> No, I did not.
>> And some scientists believe the true
number could be more than a trillion.
There is so much to learn about our
animal friends. And in studying them, we
learn a lot about ourselves. For
instance, researchers from Australia and
Sweden are doing a study about drug
pollution in the water, and they found
that salmon that are exposed to cocaine
swim nearly twice as far as those
that do not have a coke problem. The
study found that the cocaine salmon swim
around 20% faster. And also, they never
shut up.
And
well, I want to know more about these
researchers cuz let's see what happens
if we give salmon cocaine is one of the
cociest thoughts I've ever heard. We are
living in a golden age of wild animals
being exposed to illicit substances.
which is a nice segue into the case of
Cash Patel, our future former director
of the FBI, who's getting hammered this
week over a report that says he's been
getting hammered on the job. Patel on
Monday filed a lawsuit against The
Atlantic for a story they published that
alleged, among other things, that the
director's quote, "Eps of excessive
drinking have alarmed his colleagues and
is a recurring source of concern across
the government." Patel denies this and
not just categorically, maniacally. He
announced that he is suing The Atlantic
for $250 million. The Atlantic issued a
statement responding to that. They said,
"We stand by our reporting on Cash Patel
and we will vigorously defend The
Atlantic and our journalists against
this meritless lawsuit." Patel claims
the allegations are completely false, a
hit piece. But the journalist who wrote
the story, her name is Sarah
Fitzpatrick, says she spoke to more than
two dozen people, including current and
former FBI officials. Her version of the
story makes it sound like Patel was
blacked out more than the president's
name in the Trump Epstein files.
And this
comes the same week that a federal judge
dismissed a defamation lawsuit Patel
filed against a former FBI agent who
said he has been quote visible at
nightclubs far more than he has been on
the seventh floor of the Hoover building
where they work. One of the allegations
in the story is that Patel has been so
worried about losing his job around two
weeks ago. He had some trouble logging
into his computer and freaked out
because he assumed he'd been fired and
they locked him out. The article said he
called at least nine people to tell him
he had been let go. Then turned out it
was an IT issue and he got back in. So,
Patel angrily denied that story and he
proved that the old adage uh the best
way to address rumors of erratic
behavior is to hold an even more erratic
press conference.
>> Did you communicate with anyone that you
thought you were fired after you you
were unable to log into
>> the problem with you and your report?
Don't cut me off. You asked a question.
>> Straightforward question.
>> The problem with you and your baseless
reporting is that is an absolute lie.
>> Simple for straightforward question. If
you talk to anybody about whether you
think
>> the simple answer to your question is
you are lying. I was never locked out of
my systems. Anybody who says it
>> lawsuit says the opposite. Your lawsuit.
>> Anyone that says the opposite is lying.
>> The lawsuit that you filed says that
directly
>> men stop. You're being extraordinarily
rude.
>> You know they don't like that in that
administration. Now keep in mind that
the guy asking the question that wasn't
the reporter who wrote the Atlantic
story. It was another reporter just
asking if the story was true. And also,
there is a specific account of Patel not
being able to access his computer in the
lawsuit he filed against The Atlantic.
His own lawyers put it in there. So,
that did happen, but you can't ask about
that because it's extraordinarily rude.
>> Can you say definitively that you have
not been intoxicated or absent during
your tenure as FBI director? I can say
unequivocally that I never listen to the
fake news mafia. And as when they get
louder, it just means I'm doing my job.
>> So, no then is the answer. No. He's so
wound up. He's so angry. If only there
was some kind of uh bottle of like a
magic liquid he could that could he
could drink and it would calm his nerves
in some way. It's give him a little buzz
or something. AND THEN
AND THEN WE HAVE OUR Secretary of
Health, RFK Jr., who famously puts
everything but alcohol in his body.
Kennedy testified before two Senate
committees today. He got grilling from
Republicans and Democrats, including
Senator Elizabeth Warren, who uh who cut
him like a like a like a raccoon penis.
>> He claims that Trump RX has reduced
prices by as much as 600%.
600% which I think means companies
should be paying you to take their
drugs.
>> President Trump has a different way of
calculating if there's two ways of
calculating percentage. If you have a
$600 drug and you reduce it to 10,
that's a 600% reduction.
>> You have to understand President Trump
has a different way of calculating from
the rest. Who are you going to believe?
Him or math?
>> Have you ever bankrupted a casino? I
don't think so.
Now, the the actual math is 98%, not
600%, but let's not get caught up in
semantics. Let's just be quiet and
listen to Robert Kennedy breathe.
>> Among the many that you described in
your testimony
in that context,
uh, in your testimony, you identified
nutrition as a bedrock of health and one
of the primary levers for treating and
preventing chronic disease. education is
an incredible start. Uh I don't think it
was very long ago that there was
probably very little nutrition taught in
medical school and now we are
encouraging that to be a focal point.
You understand our secretary of health
is dying before our eyes and no one is
doing anything about it.
We are on day nine now of Trump's
blockade of the blockade at the straight
of Hormuz. Every day this goes on, the
prices go up and not just on oil and
gas. Carrick, the world's largest
manufacturer of condoms, may have to
raise their prices by 20 to 30% because
of supply chain issues caused by the
war. The price of condoms will affect
the um straight of horm
too equally.
Parrot said
there are there are vessels filled with
condoms that cannot get to their
destinations where there are they are
desperately needed. Specifically Nick
Cannon's house. So, but is there any
metaphor more fitting than Donald Trump
screwing us without condoms
because he won't pull out? I mean,
yesterday
Trump added an extension to the
ceasefire and then today said there's no
time frame on a deal with Iran, which is
interesting because from day one, I
there's some some guy has been telling
us over and over that it's over.
>> We have from right from the beginning,
we projected four to 5 weeks. I think
you'll see it's going to be a short-term
excursion. We're going to have a much
safer world as soon as it's finished and
it's going to be finished pretty
quickly. Most people say it's already
been won.
>> You know, you never like to say too
early you won. We won. We won the bet.
In the first hour it was over.
>> When are you going to know when it's
over? When I feel it.
>> Okay.
>> Building up my bones.
>> Couple of weeks and won't be much
longer.
>> You know, I don't like to say this.
We've won this. This war has been won.
>> We've already won the war. Militarily,
we've totally won the war.
>> I do see a deal in Iran.
>> Mr. President,
>> could be soon. I would say that within
uh two weeks, maybe two weeks, maybe
three.
>> We are on track to complete all of
America's military objectives shortly.
Very shortly. It could end very quickly.
The war
>> we win regardless. We've defeated them
militarily.
>> Well, you keep saying was. Is this war
over?
>> I think it's close to over. Yeah. I I
mean, I view it as very close to over. I
think what he's trying to say is the war
the war might not be over, but he is
over the war. So, you know, um
speaking of over the New York Mets have
the second highest payroll in I think
the history of baseball. And they've
also now, as of the time we are taping
this show, lost 12 games in a row. It's
their longest losing streak in more than
40 years. The last time the Mets were
this bad, half the team had Jerry Curls
and the other half had mullets. Okay, I
am a Mets fan and stupidly I once again
I stupidly had high hopes for this
season as did many fans. Steve Gelbs,
the Mets field reporter, did his best
last night to reverse the curse. But I
have to say, sorry Steve, I don't care
how big a joint you roll for those
children,
it's not going to help. And this is
interesting.
Follow along with this because on April
9th, the mayor of New York, Mom Donnie,
showed up at City Field. He hugged Mr.
Met and Mrs. Met. And since then,
they've done nothing but lose. And many
in the right-wing media are now blaming
him.
>> The New York Mets, they are on an 11game
losing streak, including oh, right after
the mayor met and hugged the team
mascot, Mr. Met. Socialist mayor Zoron
Mdani can't do anything right. Do you
blame Mandani for the losing streak?
>> Yes, I thought
>> absolutely.
>> He's got a lot of New Yorkers that are
really upset. New Yorkers are calling it
the curse of Mayor Mambino.
>> We need an exorcism in sports.
>> The only way to reverse this, Sean, is
President Trump has to come to a Mets
game.
>> That's right. The only way to stop a
loser is with an even bigger loser. I
know. I looked into this. I think I
might have it figured out. I think this
has nothing to do with the mayor.
Something changed at City Field this
season. Now, for the first time in
Mets's history, they installed
partitions between the urinals. They
used to have a trough. You just line up.
But now, there are dividers. As if we
weren't already divided enough. They've
added dividers to the men's room. And we
did some research and I think I found
the source of why this happened. Two
years ago, February 1st, 2024, the Mets
posted, "We are proud to celebrate Black
History Month throughout the month of
February." And the top comment under
that post was from a James 70889886.
He wrote, "Please put walls between the
urinals in the men's bathrooms at City
Field." This is 2024. Men feel
uncomfortable and don't pee next to men
urinating.
Fights can happen when men look at the
penis of other men. Do you find that to
be true, G?
>> I don't think so.
Unless I guess they anyway they listened
to James and they put in his precious
wiener shields and now we lost 12 games
in a row. So I'm calling on Mets team
owner Steve Cohen to tear down those
urinal walls.
And I say they do. I know it maybe it
can't happen immediately, but Mets fans,
when you're at the game, I want you to
squeeze between those dividers. Double
up, triple up, whatever you have to do.
Hopefully the Mets broke the streak
tonight against the Twins. They uh Mets
hosted Minnesota. We're hosting uh the
Minnesota governor tonight, Tim Walls.
And Tim
is a very regular guy, but Minnesota
when it comes to politics is a colorful
state. They had Jesse the body ventures
governor. Al the body Franken was their
senator. And now one of their candidates
to succeed Tim Walls is our old friend,
the my pillow man, Mike Lindell. into
our country. Most of them break a law
within the first three months. Most of
them We're on TV here, please. We're on
TV, please. We're on TV, please. We're
on TV, please. We're on TV, please.
We're on TV, please.
>> What are you What are you serving them
with? On TV, please. We're on TV.
>> What are you What are you serving?
>> I'm not accepting it. We're on TV.
>> What are you trying to serve?
>> We're on TV, please.
>> On TV, please.
>> Okay. We're on TV, please. So, somehow
CPAC, the Conservative Political Action
Conference, endorsed Mike Lindell as
their candidate. Uh, who is a, if you
don't know, a former crack addict, a
self-made pillow millionaire turned soon
to be bankrupt election denier. But
despite his many legal, financial, and
perhaps mental issues, Mike managed to
secure an endorsement not just from
CPAC, but also from himself.
>> Hello there. It's Mike Lindell. You know
who. I got thousands of pillows and a
gun under each one. Next year, motans
face the most important election since
the 97 Lake Hayawa wet sweatshirt
contest. I voted for Pudgy Peggy.
But in 2026, we got to get a new
governor. And that's why I'm endorsing a
great American who overcame a whole lot
of hardships and head injuries. Me, Mike
Lindell, for governor. Nobody knows Mike
Lindell better than me because I am him.
I know HOW HE THINKS. I KNOW WHAT MAKES
HIM TICK. IT'S A PACEMAKER ON account of
a bungee accident where Mike's organs
got all mumbo jumbo. I even know where
Mike HIDES HIS STASH OF IVORMECTIN AND
HYDROCLARINES
FOR WHEN THE BOVINE HERPES flares up.
AND MIKE WANTS ME TO tell you that for a
limited time, everything in his medicine
cabinet is buy two get one free. USE
PROMO CODE HYDRA hydraulic hydro
pills. Don't just take my word about me
for it. I GOT PLENTY ENDORSEMENTS LIKE
MY SLEEP PARALYSIS demon and four out OF
FIVE OF THE VOICES IN MY HEAD.
Number five tells me to start fires at
the River Hills Mall. Watch it burn it
down voice.
AND THIS ELECTION, NO CROOKED VOTING
MACHINES. You want to vote for me? Take
out a snowshoe to an old bar. TELL A
JOKE TO a goat. Then drop a pine cone in
the voting bucket. THE WAY THE FOUNDING
FATHERS MEANT FOR US TO. So vote for me.
Glad Neil Ekim. Who the hell DID THIS
UPSIDE DOWN SO WRONG?
>> WRONG HOUSE AGAIN. WRONG HOUSE.
>> WHO ARE YOU?
>> PAID FOR BY ME. EVEN THOUGH I AIN'T GOT
NO MONEY LEFT. AH, MY JAGGLY. THEY GOT
STAGED.
YOU GOT MY VOTE. WE GOT a good show
tonight. Governor Tim Walls is here with
us tonight from Las Vegas. Frankie Perez
is sitting in with the
we'll be right back with Adam Scott.